001 Balance - For each permanent type, each player sacrifices down to the number controlled by the player who controls the fewest. Also equalize cards in hand. All creatures left in play become squirrels in addition to their other types.
<c><w>002 Planar Shift - End all world enchants, then roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
003 Honor of the Pure - Until your next turn, white creatures get +2/+2.
004 Planar Cleansing - Destroy all nonland permanents.
005 Knowledge of the wise - Until your next turn, blue creatures get +2/+2.
006 Squirrel Birthing - Roll a D6, then get an X/X squirrel creature token, where X is the number you rolled.
007 Hymn to Tourach - Discard two cards at random.
008 Goblin Tutor - Search your library for a card and put it in your hand, then discard a card at random.
<l>009 Squirrel Legend - Roll for a legend from the legend list. If it is a creature, it becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
<e><e>010 Eventful Day - Roll twice from this list.
<n><a>011 Heroism - For each creature you control, roll from the ability list. They become squirrels in addition to their other types.
<c><w>012 Planar Shift - End all world enchants and roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
<e><e>013 Eventful Day - Roll twice from this list.
<c>014 Planar Simplicity - End all world enchantments.
015 Squirrelnapper - gain control of target squirrel permanent. If there are no squirrel permanents, then you may re-roll.
016 Evacuation - Return all non-squirrel creatures to their owner's hands.
017 Swords to Plowshares - exile target creature. It's controller gains life equal to it's power.
018 Show and Tell - Each player may put a perment from his or her hand into play. If a creature is put into play this way, it becomes a squirrel in addition to its other types.
019 Thieves' Auction - put all non-land permanents in a pile, then each player, starting with you, picks a card and puts it into play untapped under his or her control. Each creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
020 Time Reversal - Each player shuffles his or her hand, graveyard, and exiled cards into his or her library, then draws 7 cards.
021 Warp World - Each player shuffles all permanents he or she owns into his or her library, then reveals that many cards from the top of his or her library. Each player puts all artifact, creature, and land cards revealed this way onto the battlefield, then does the same for enchantment cards, then puts all cards revealed this way that weren't put onto the battlefield on the bottom of his or her library.
022 Rampant Growth - Search your library for a basic land card and put it into play tapped.
023 Undercity Plague - Sacrifice a permanent, lose a life, and discard a card.
024 Anger of the Rash - Until your next turn, red creatures get +2/+2.
025 Lies of the Tainted - Until your next turn, black creatures get +2/+2
026 Doran, the Siege Tower - Until end of turn, all creatures deal damage based on their toughness instead of power.
027 Black Lotus - gain 3 mana of any one color at the beginning of your first main phase.
028 Mana Barbs - Until the end of your turn, whenever a player taps a land for mana, that player loses 1 life.
029 Beacon of Immortality - Double your life total.
030 Mind Swap - You control target player's next turn, and they control your turn this turn.
<l>031 Squirrel Legend - Roll for a legend from the legend list. If it is a creature, it becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
032 Donate - Target opponent gains control of target permanent you control.
033 Vindicate - Destroy target permanent.
<w><w>034 Planar Expansion - Roll 2 new world enchants in addition to the others.
035 Counter Roll - Get a counter roll token. You may sacrifice it to counter any one roll.
036 Regrowth - Return target card from your graveyard to your hand.
037 Creeping Renaissance - Choose a card type, return each card of the chosen type from your graveyard to your hand.
038 Mana Breathing - Until end of turn each creature you control has "X: this creature gets +X/+0"
039 Vision Skeins - Each player draws two cards.
040 Tranquility - Destroy all enchantments.
041 DNA Injection - Any number of target creatures become squirrels in addition to their other types.
042 Chain Lightning - deal 3 damage to target creature or player, then that player or the controller of that creature may copy this effect.
043 Isolation - Until your next turn, you can not play spells that target an opponent or permanent you don't control, and you, and each permanent you control, has hexproof. Also, you can not attack, and you can't be attacked.
044 Growth of Nature - Green creatures get +2/+2 until the beginning of your next turn.
<a>045 New Skills - Target creature gets a random ability from the ability list and becomes a squirrel in addition to its other types.
046 Land of Ass - Until the end of your turn, land you control gains, "tap, add 1/2 mana of any color to your mana pool". Other mana abilities of those lands can't be activated.
047 Rift Sweep - Each player puts all exiled cards into his or her graveyard.
048 Mugging - The players to your right and then your left each pick a card at random from your hand to put into their hand. If there is only one other player, then that player picks a single card.
049 Squirrel Nest - until end of turn, lands you control have "tap: put a 1/1 squirrel creature token into play".
<c><w>050 Planar Shift - End all world enchants, then roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
051 ... - Does nothing. I know, lame, right?
052 Collective Voyage - Each player may pay any ammount of mana, then each player searches his or her library for a basic land for each mana payed this way, and puts it into play tapped
053 Minds Aglow - Each player may pay any ammount of mana, then each player draws a card for each mana payed this way
054 Squirrelicide - Exile all squirrel permanents
055 Forced DNA Injection - All creatures become squirrels in addition to their other types
056 Giga Squirrel - Put a token named Gigasquirrel into play, which is a 5/5 creature of type "squirrel". It has "tap: sacrifice a squirrel, Gigasquirrel deals damage equal to the sacrificed creatures power to target creature or player.
057 Squirrel Overlord - Gain control of all squirrels.
058 Rift Sweep - Each player puts all exiled cards into his or her graveyard.
059 Roll Fork - Get a fork counter. You may sacrifice it at any point to copy a roll.
<l><a>060 Squirrel Legend - Roll for a legend off the list, which gains a random ability from the ability list, and is a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
061 Rabid Squirrels - All squirrels gain infect
<c><w>062 Planar Shift - end all world enchantments, then roll a new one.
063 Path to Exile - exile target creature, it's control may search his or her library for a basic land and put it into player tapped.
<n><a>064 Squirrel academy - Each creature gets a random ability from the ability list and becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
<n><a>065 Heroism - Each creature you control gets a random ability from the ability list and becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
066 Time Walk - Take an extra turn after this one.
067 Timetwister - Each player shuffles his or her hand and graveyard into his or her library and draws 7 cards.
068 Wheel of Fortune - each player discards his or her hand and draws 7 cards.
<l>069 Squirrel Legend - Roll for a legend from the legend list. If it is a creature, it becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
<a><a><a>070 Squirrel of All Trades - Target creature gets 3 random abilities from the ability list and becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
071 Legen...wait for it...dary - Until the end of the turn, all nonland permanents are legendary, and the old legend rule applies.
072 Timely reinforcements - The player with the fewest creatures in play gets three 1/1 squirrels. In the case of a tie, re-roll.
073 Land Grant - The player with the fewest lands may search their library for two basic lands and put them into play tapped. In the case of a tie, re-roll.
<s><s>074 Spin the Wheels - Roll from any two lists. Select a creature to receive the ability before you roll it. Any world enchant replaces the existing one.
075 Smallpox - Each player loses 1 life, discards a card, and sacrifices a permanent.
076 Praetor's Grasp - Each opponent searches your library for a card and exiles it facedown. They may play cards exiled this way (they still have to pay the mana cost). 
077 Treebeard - Put a 0/1 Tree creature token into play with 20 acorn counters and "remove an acorn counter from this permanent, put a 1/1 squirrel creature token into play with "upkeep: remove an acorn counter from a permanent you control."" Play this ability only as a sorcery.
078 Think Twice - Draw a card. At the beginning of your next turn, draw another card.
079 Mind Funeral - Reveal cards from the top of your library until you've revealed 3 land cards, then put the revealed cards in your graveyard.
080 Sign in blood - Roll a D6. You may distribute a number of card draws among players equal to the number you rolled. For each card you draw, lose 2 life. For each card an opponent draws, that player loses 1 life.
081 Windfall - each player discards his or her hand, and draws cards equal to the greatest number discarded this way.
082 This is WAR - Each creature you control attacks this turn if able, and can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.
083 Overabundance - Until end of turn, your land taps for 2 mana of any color, and each time you tap a land, take 1 damage.
<a>084 New Skills - Target creature gets a random ability from the ability list and becomes a squirrel in addition to its other types.
085 Amnesia - Rename any number of target creatures, and change their subtypes as you choose.
086 Kuldotha Rebirth - sacrifice an artifact (This is not optional: if you control one you must sacrifice it). If you do, put three 1/1 squirrel creature tokens into play.
087 Curse of the Cabal - Each player sacrifices half of his or her non-squirrel permanents, rounded down.
088 Rick Rolled - You lose 5 life and discard a card.
089 Shocking! - deal 2 damage to target creature or player.
090 Time Fold - Each creature gains suspend, and is exiled with time counters equal to it's converted mana cost.
091 vampiric tutor - search your library for a card and put it on top of your library. Lose 2 life.
092 Worldly Tutor - search your library for a creature card, reveal it, and put it on top of your library.
093 Enlightened Tutor - search your library for an artifact or enchantment, reveal it, and put it on top of your library.
094 Mystic Tutor - search your library for a instant and sorcery card and put it on top of your library.
095 Gifts Unigiven - search your library for up to 4 cards with different names, then an opponent chooses 2 of them, which go to the graveyard. Put the others in your hand.
096 Act of treason - Gain control of a creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste.
097 Sudden Storm - Tap up to three target creatures, those creatures don't untap during their controller's next untap step.
098 Ancestral Recall - Target Player draws 3 cards.
099 Squirrel Ancestry - All creatures controlled by target player become squirrels in addition to their other types.
100 Disenchant - Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
101 Incremental Growth - Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature, two +1/+1 counters on another target creature, and 3 +1/+1 counters on a third target creature.
102 Incremental Blight - Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature, two -1/-1 counters on another target creature, and 3 -1/-1 counters on a third target creature.
103 Congregate - Target player gains 1 life for each creature in play, and an additional 1 for each squirrel creature.
104 Pyroclasm - Each non-squirrel creature takes 2 damage.
105 Blessed Winds - Each player's life total becomes their starting life total.
106 Clone - Put a token into play that's a copy of target creature, except it's a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
<c><w>107 Planar Shift - end all world enchantments, then roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
108 The Great Fall - The controller of the creature with the highest power sacrifices it. In the event of a tie, both creatures are sacrificed.
109 Braingeyser - You may pay X mana to have target player draw X cards.
<c><w>110 Planar Shift - end all world enchantments, then roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
111 Consecrated Sphinx - Until your next turn, whenever an opponent draws a card, you may draw two cards.
112 Cerebral Chaos - Each player shuffles his or her library, then reveals cards from the top until he or she reveals a nonland card. A random player casts each card revealed this way.without paying it's mana cost.
113 Bribery - Search target player's library for a card, then that player names three cards. If you searched for a creature card that wasn't named, you may put it onto the battlefield under your control. It's a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
114 Sphinx of the Realms - Until your next turn, you may look at the top card of your library. If it's a land, you may put it onto the battlefield tapped (this doesn't count as playing a land).
115 Sphinx of Lost Truths - Draw 3 cards. You may pay 1U, if you don't, discard 3 cards.
116 Persuasion - Until end of turn, squirrel creatures you control gain "tap: gain control of target squirrel creature".
117 Fact or Fiction - Reveal the top 5 cards of your library. An opponent separates them into two piles. You choose one to go in your hand, and the other goes in your graveyard.
118 Turn to Mist - Exile two target creatures. Return those cards to the battlefield under their owner's control at the beginning of the next end step. They become squirrels in addition to their other types.
119 Squirrel Insurrection - Gain control of all squirrel permanents until end of turn, untap those permanents, they gain haste until end of turn.
120 Crack the Vaults - Each player may return a permanent from his or her graveyard to play.
121 Rise from the Grave - Put target creature in a graveyard into play under your control.
122 Reconstruction - Put target artifact or enchantment in your graveyard into play under your control.
123 Living Death - Set aside all creature cards in play, then return all creature cards in graveyards to play under their owner's control, then put each creature card set aside into it's owner's graveyard.
124 Gilded Focus - Until end of turn, ignore the generic mana cost of spells you cast. You only need to pay the colored mana.
<c><w>125 Planar Shift - end all world enchantments, then roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
126 Naked Singularity - Until your next turn, Plains tap for U, Islands tap for B, Swamps tap for R, Mountains tap for G, and Forests tap for W.
127 Unsummon - Return two target creatures to their owner's hand.
128 Living Land - Up to three target lands become 2/2 indestructible squirrel creatures until your next turn. They are still lands.
129 Morph - You may sacrifice a creature to search your library for a creature and put it into play facedown. It gains "Morph X" where X is it's mana cost, including color.
130 Chainer's Edict - Target player sacrifices a creature.
<c><w>131 Planar Shift - end all world enchantments, then roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
132 Handcuffs - until your next turn, if your hands aren't touching each other and someone calls it out, you discard your hand.
133 Standstill - when the next spell is cast, each of that spell's controller's opppenents draw 3 cards.
<c><w>134 Planar Shift - end all world enchantments, then roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
135 Life from the Loam - Return up to 2 target lands from your graveyard to your hand.
136 Nutty Day - Each creature gets an acorn counter. As long as those creatures have an acorn counter on them, they are 1/1 squirrels with "tap: Deal 1 damage to target creature or player, then remove an acorn counter from this permanent."
137 Mayael's Aria - Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with power 5 or greater, then gain 10 life for each creature you control with power 10 or greater.
138 Zombie Squirrel invasion - put a 2/2 zombie squirrel creature into play for each opponent. Each player's corresponding zombie attacks that player each combat if able.
139 Pillow Fort - If there are two players in the game, re-roll. Otherwise, skip your turn. Until your next turn, you are treated as if you weren't in the game. After your next turn, take an extra turn. While you are pillowforted, if there is one other active player, that player wins, because you are not in the game at that moment.
140 Timely Mending - The player with the least life gains 10 life. If there is a draw, re-roll, and this roll does nothing.
141 Timely Research - The player with the fewest cards in hand draws two cards. If there is a draw, re-roll, and this roll does nothing.
142 Toy Boat - Target creatures gains "cumulative upkeep: say toy boat"
143 Squirrel Bukkake - Choose a non-squirrel creature at random, then tap each squirrel creature, and deal 1 damage to the chosen creature for each squirrel tapped this way.
144 Squirrel God - Put a 5/5 squirrel god enchantment creature token into play with "Tap: gain control of target squirrel permanent". If your devotion to squirrels is less than 5, it isn't a creature.
<a>145 New Skills - Target creature gets a random ability from the ability list and becomes a squirrel in addition to its other types.
146 Planar Capsule - You get a world change token, which you may sacrifice at any point to re-roll the world enchantment.
147 Tempting Squirrel - You get a 1/1 tempting squirrel creature token with "When this creature enters the battlefield, each opponent may put a permanent form his or her hand into play that becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types. For each player who does, put two +1/+1 counters on tempting squirrel."
148 Planar Capsule - You get a world change token, which you may sacrifice at any point to re-roll the world enchantment.
<c><w>149 Planar Shift - end all world enchantments, then roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
<c><w>150 Planar Shift - end all world enchantments, then roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
<c><w>151 Planar Shift - end all world enchantments, then roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
<c><w>152 Planar Shift - end all world enchantments, then roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
<c><w>153 Planar Shift - end all world enchantments, then roll a new one. Up to one target creature becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
154 Squirrel Might - Until your next turn, squirrel creatures get +2/+2.