01 Puzzle Box - At the beginning of each draw step (after drawing for the turn), put your hand on the bottom of your library and draw that many cards.
02 Hive Mind - When any player plays an instant or sorcery spell, each other player copies that spell.
03 Squirrel Sovereign Nation - All squirrels get +2/+2 and attack a random player if able. Their activated abilities can't be activated. At the beginner of each player's upkeep, a random non-squirrel creature that player controlls becomes a squirrel in addition to it's other types.
04 Mana Flare - Whenever a player taps a land for mana, that player adds 1 mana to his or her mana pool of any type that land could produce.
05 Crucible of Worlds - Players may play lands from their graveyards as if they were in their hand.
06 Font of Mythos - During each player's draw step, that player draws two extra cards.
07 Generosity - At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player gives a card in his or her hand to the player on his or her left.
08 Maelstrom Nexus - The first spell each player casts each turn has cascade.
09 Mycosinth Lattice - All permanents, spells, and cards in hand are colorless and artifacts in addition to their other types and mana can be spent as if it were any color.
10 Zur's Weirding - Players play with their hands revealed if a player would draw a card, he or she reveals it instead. Then any other player may pay 2 life. If any player does, put that card into its owner's graveyard. Otherwise, that player draws the card.
11 Chaos - Whenever a spell or ability is put on the stack, if it has a single target, reselect it's target at random.
12 Possibility Storm - Whenever a player casts a spell from his or her hand, exile it. Then that player exiles cards from the top of his or her library until a card that shares a type with it is revealed. The player may cast that card without paying it's mana cost. Put all cards exiled this way that weren't cast on the bottom of their owner's library in a random order.
13 Chromanticore's Vineyard - At the beginning of each players first main phase, that player adds two mana of any color to his or her mana pool.
14 Snapcaster Aura - Each spell has flashback for it's converted mana cost.
15 Leyline of the Void - If a card would be put into the graveyard, exile it instead.
16 Leyline of Anticipation - All spells may be cast as though they had flash.
17 Isolation - Each player has shroud. If this nullifies an event roll, re-roll it.
18 Leyline of Punishment - Players can't gain life damage can't be prevented.
19 Leyline of Singularity - All nonland permanents are legendary.
20 Cotion of Ponfusion - Whenever any permanent with a type other than land enters the battlefield, it's controller chooses a permanent in play that shares a type with it. Control of those permanents is exchanged..
21 Upwelling - Mana pools don't empty at the end of turns and phases.
22 Double up - Players may cast spells for twice their mana cost. If they do, that player casts a copy of that spell.
23 Topsy Turvy - Turn order is reversed, and phases happen in reverse order.
24 Mental Projection - Players play with the top card of their library revealed. If it's a permanent, treat it as if it's in play. If you would shuffle or in any way re-arrange your library besides drawing a card, ignore the top card of your library. So if you use Sensei's Divining top, you would re-arrange the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th cards.
25 Fatespinning - Before each untap step, the current player chooses main, combat, or draw step, and skips each instance of the chosen step.
26 Conjuring Currency - At the beginning of each player's untap step, that player put's a Conjured Currency enchantment token into play with "At the beginning of your upkeep, exchange control of Conjured Currency and target permanent not name 'Conjured Currency' which you neither own nor control. Untap that permanent. It gains haste until end of turn." When this world enchantment ends, exile all Conjured Currency tokens, and each player gains control of all permanents he or she owns.